<h1>The problem VirtuLabs solves</h1>
Ever since the pandemic has hit, we humans have accustomed to our mundane work-life and activities, thus we were inspired to bring you our hack VirtuLabs. We have noticed that education suffered a lag in these 2-3 years due to pandemic. Though, our dedicated and hard-working teachers, left no stone unturned to teach their students even in these times. We are trying to help our teachers by gifting them an asset in form of VirtuLabs. It is our way of combining visulaization made possible through Augmented Reality(AR) and education. It can basically act as as a tool for teachers in online classes so as to improve interaction, which is somewhat lost in virtual mediums. Students learn anytime, anywhere at mere click of a button and has been introduced from our team so as supplement the laboratory education in this covid-stricken era. It is known to us that there are n number of online simulatore available today but they somehow lack the real-life experience, which we have tried to restore in our app.

This app as contemplated and created by our team members also serves a socio-welfare purpose. We have combined all the plugins, scenes and sections of our app and presented in a form of an android application which can be installed anytime and anywhere with any plane surface to start your learning. This app can be an asset to the teachers in rural areas and government schools, where the resources are limited. It serves two purposes, at first they will understand the concepts better by 3d models and animation. And the second one being, maybe many of the students are inspired seeing these burgeoning technologies, and develop an interest for them. Moreover, there is no need of a network connection for our app, which is a major problem in rural areas. As we always say "Padhega India ,Tabhi toh Badhega India", our development is an ode to this tagline.

Even if our development benefits a single child or learner out there.

<h1>Challenges we ran into</h1>
Deciding the components as such was easy, but to implement them was definitely not a cakewalk. We brainstormed various hours figuring out the plugins that were to be used. A hell lot of time was invested in fixing the bugs of our code as the experiment procedure was based on it. We had to make sure if the user violates the order of the experiment, it would
show an error then and there and the experiment has to be restarted. And to construct a system where the progress of children could be monitored by their teachers virtually was also challenging. But we are glad we managed to finish and put up all the components in the end.
